OpenCL C spec editorial fixes (#532)
KhronosGroup/OpenCL-Docs: OpenCL_C.txt

[open,refpage='addressSpaceQualifiers',desc='Address Space Qualifiers',type='freeform',spec='clang',anchor='address-space-qualifiers',xrefs='constant genericAddressSpace global local private']
--

OpenCL C has a hierarchical memory architecture represented by address spaces, as

> defined in section 5 of the <<embedded-c-spec, Embedded C Specification>>. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined in section 5 of <<embedded-c-spec, the Embedded C Specification>>. It
```

extends the C syntax to allow an address space name as a valid type qualifier

> (section 5.1.2 of the <<embedded-c-spec, Embedded C Specification>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(section 5.1.2 of <<embedded-c-spec, the Embedded C Specification>>).
```

--

The `+__constant+` or `constant` address space name is used to describe
read-only variables that are accessible globally. They may

> be declared in program scope or inside functions with a `static` or `extern`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be declared in program scope or in the outermost kernel scope or inside
```

> storage class specifier, and can be accessed by all work-items of different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 functions with a `static` or `extern` storage class specifier. Such variables
```

> kernels during their execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 can be accessed by all work-items or by different kernels during the program execution.
```

Reviewer: I realized that the original wording might have been confusing since it might have implied that the function scope variables can be accessed by different kernels which is not possible.

This section describes use of address space qualifiers with respect to
declaration scopes or variable types.

Local variables inside functions can be qualified by the private address space
qualifier.

Variables declared in the outermost compound statement inside the body of the
kernel function can be qualified by the local or constant address spaces.

Examples:

[source,c]
----------
kernel void my_func(...)
{
    private float a;    // OK.
    local float b;      // OK.

    if (...)
    {
        // Example of variable in __local address space but not
        // declared at __kernel function scope.
        local float c;  // Error.
    }
}
----------

> Program scope variables or variables with a `extern` or `static` storage class

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Program scope variables or variables with an `extern` or `static` storage class
```

The OpenCL C programming language implements the following additional
built-in vector functions.

> We use the generic type name `gentype__n__` (or `gentype__m__`) to indicate the

Reviewer: Btw is `__m__` explained somewhere?

Author: I don't think it is precisely defined, but I think it should have the same possible values of `__n__`, correct?

If so, I could change from:

> _n_ is 2, 4, 8, or 16.

to:

> _n_ or __m__ is 2, 4, 8, or 16.

It may be easier to make this change in a subsequent PR though.

Reviewer: sure!
